# James Coy

— Product Designer — UX Specialist — Invested in building meaningful products.

# About

I am a Product Designer with 3 years of experience in the film industry and 1 year at [headteachers.org](http://headteachers.org/). My focus is within creative collaboration, project management, prototyping, interaction design, and user research.

I am a co-lead for a project in my role as a product designer to build the new [headteachers.org](http://headteachers.org/) website that serves an audience of 100k+ every month, helping headteachers find valuable resources for free.

I have also learnt good practices and the fundamentals of UX Design from a diploma at the UX Design Institute that I completed in December 2022.

I am seeking a challenging and innovative project, collaborating with a great team to create products that have an impact. I am confident that my knowledge of UX Design, experience in working at small companies, and drive can add great value to any company.

### Tools

Figma

Framer

Adobe Suite

Notion

Miro

Blender

DaVinci Resolve

### Skills

Wire-framing

Prototyping

UI Design

Research

HTML / CSS

Video Editing

Communicating with team in high stress environments.

Interaction Design

Motion Design

Cinematography

Operating high-end equipment

Learning new tools

Stakeholder management

Balancing creative ideas with feasibility 

# Work

[Work](James%20Coy%20e8801d29b2a448f386786c9a4c4d0e0d/Work%20ddc35f215d7145beba5dde7256965c30.csv)

# Experience

**May 2022 — Present**

**Product Designer at HeadteacherChat**

Myself and the team are developing V2, a reimagining of our website that prioritises ease of use for senior leaders in finding and discovering resources and adds a more personal touch. Our users have come to know our brand through our presence on twitter and we strive to maintain that same formal, but friendly, voice on our website.

HeadteacherChat V2 is currently in progress and updates on the development process will be shared here.

Additionally, I have collaborated with print designers for the design of physical planners, ensuring a cohesive aesthetic with the new branding of V2, whilst managing the team of freelance designers and illustrators, and developing strategies for planner roll out.

**May 2022 — December 2022**

**UX Design Diploma from UX Design Institute**

The UX Design Institute is a globally recognised, industry-approved qualification.

I’ve developed a strong understanding of process that UX requires, practicing in research into users, analysis of the data I collected, presenting that data to teammates, designing efficient solutions, and creating prototypes to effectively communicate these solutions and test them on users.

I've expanded my mindset, grown my confidence and adapted my skills from past experience that makes me, as a UX designers, so valuable.

**Oct 2019 — May 2022**

**Production Assistant at Lambda Films**

My role within the company was to assist in all areas of production, from securing jobs to working on set with equipment to deliver them. I was chiefly responsible for supporting the DoP on a shoot, setting up the technical requirements and monitoring visual quality during takes.I also headed my own project, 'That night with you' a passion project written, co-directed, and shot by me.---

- Maintained and operated high-end cinema cameras and the supporting equipment.
- Communicated effectively with Director and Client to execute the pitched video.
- Developed an eye to check the visual quality of the images we created.
- Determined the best equipment to maximise the output of the video.
- The essential pre-production workflows and logistical documents needed to make sure all shoots went as planned.

**2016 — 2019**

Film and Moving Image (BA) at Norwich University of the Arts

During my time at Norwich University of the Arts I focused on the role of Cinematographer, the perfect mix between artist and technician. The list of what I learnt in my 3 years there is endless but these are some:

- Collaboration, especially in high stress environments
- Planning and preparation
- Documenting my work in detail for collaborators

# Links →
